docs: recipe on how to setup different favicons depending on the OS theme (#62)
moxystudio/next-with-moxy: docusaurus/docs/welcome/instructions.md

  Finally, add the HTML code you previously saved to the `<Head>`, replacing the same tags that are already there.

> [Additional] Most of the operating systems now offer dark and light modes. If your favicon is not visible with any of these modes you can [setup different favicons for each OS theme](/docs/recipes/favicon-os-theme).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ℹ️ Most operating systems now offer dark and light modes. If your favicon is not visible with any of these modes you can [setup different favicons for each OS theme](/docs/recipes/favicon-os-theme).
```
